now this is the commandment and these
now this is the commandment and these are the statutes and judgments which the
are the statutes and judgments which the
are the statutes and judgments which the Lord your God has commanded to teach you
Lord your God has commanded to teach you
Lord your God has commanded to teach you that you may observe them the land which
that you may observe them the land which
that you may observe them the land which you are crossing over to possess that
you are crossing over to possess that
you are crossing over to possess that you may fear the Lord your God to keep
you may fear the Lord your God to keep
you may fear the Lord your God to keep all his statutes and his commandments
all his statutes and his commandments
all his statutes and his commandments which I command you you and your son and
which I command you you and your son and
which I command you you and your son and your grandson all the days of your life
your grandson all the days of your life
your grandson all the days of your life and that your days may be prolonged
and that your days may be prolonged
and that your days may be prolonged therefore here o Israel and be careful
therefore here o Israel and be careful
therefore here o Israel and be careful to observe it that it may be well with
to observe it that it may be well with
to observe it that it may be well with you and that you may multiply greatly as
you and that you may multiply greatly as
you and that you may multiply greatly as the Lord God of your father's has
the Lord God of your father's has
the Lord God of your father's has promised you the land flowing with milk
promised you the land flowing with milk
promised you the land flowing with milk and honey here o Israel the Lord our God
and honey here o Israel the Lord our God
and honey here o Israel the Lord our God the Lord is one you shall love the Lord
the Lord is one you shall love the Lord
the Lord is one you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart with all
your God with all your heart with all
your God with all your heart with all your soul and with all your strength
and these words which I command you
and these words which I command you today shall be in your heart you shall
today shall be in your heart you shall
today shall be in your heart you shall teach them diligently to your children
teach them diligently to your children
teach them diligently to your children and shalt talk of them when you sit in
and shalt talk of them when you sit in
and shalt talk of them when you sit in your house when you walk by the way when
your house when you walk by the way when
your house when you walk by the way when you lie down and when you rise up you
you lie down and when you rise up you
you lie down and when you rise up you shall bind them as a sign on your hand
shall bind them as a sign on your hand
shall bind them as a sign on your hand they shall be as frontlets between your
they shall be as frontlets between your
they shall be as frontlets between your eyes you shall write them on the
eyes you shall write them on the
eyes you shall write them on the doorposts of your house and on your
doorposts of your house and on your
doorposts of your house and on your gates so it shall be when the Lord your
gates so it shall be when the Lord your
gates so it shall be when the Lord your God brings you into the land of which he
God brings you into the land of which he
God brings you into the land of which he swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac
swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac
swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob to give you large and
and Jacob to give you large and
and Jacob to give you large and beautiful cities which you did not build
beautiful cities which you did not build
beautiful cities which you did not build houses full of all good things which you
houses full of all good things which you
houses full of all good things which you did not fill hewn out wells which you
did not fill hewn out wells which you
did not fill hewn out wells which you did not dig vineyards and olive trees
did not dig vineyards and olive trees
did not dig vineyards and olive trees which you did not plant when you have
which you did not plant when you have
which you did not plant when you have eaten in our full then beware mist you
eaten in our full then beware mist you
eaten in our full then beware mist you forget the Lord who brought you out of
forget the Lord who brought you out of
forget the Lord who brought you out of the land of Egypt from the house of
the land of Egypt from the house of
the land of Egypt from the house of bondage you shall fear the Lord your God
bondage you shall fear the Lord your God
bondage you shall fear the Lord your God and serve him and shall take oaths in
and serve him and shall take oaths in
and serve him and shall take oaths in his name
his name
his name you shall not go after other gods the
you shall not go after other gods the
you shall not go after other gods the gods of the peoples who are all around
gods of the peoples who are all around
gods of the peoples who are all around you for the Lord your God is a jealous
you for the Lord your God is a jealous
you for the Lord your God is a jealous God among you that's the anger of the
God among you that's the anger of the
God among you that's the anger of the Lord your God the aroused against you
Lord your God the aroused against you
Lord your God the aroused against you and destroy you from the face of the
and destroy you from the face of the
and destroy you from the face of the earth you shall not tempt the Lord your
earth you shall not tempt the Lord your
earth you shall not tempt the Lord your God as you tempted him in masa you shall
God as you tempted him in masa you shall
God as you tempted him in masa you shall diligently keep the commandments of the
diligently keep the commandments of the
diligently keep the commandments of the Lord your God his testimonies and his
Lord your God his testimonies and his
Lord your God his testimonies and his statutes which he has commanded you and
statutes which he has commanded you and
statutes which he has commanded you and you shall do what is right and good in
you shall do what is right and good in
you shall do what is right and good in the sight of the Lord that it may be
the sight of the Lord that it may be
the sight of the Lord that it may be well with you and that you may go in and
well with you and that you may go in and
well with you and that you may go in and possess the good land of which the Lord
possess the good land of which the Lord
possess the good land of which the Lord swore to your father's to cast out all
swore to your father's to cast out all
swore to your father's to cast out all your enemies from before you as the Lord
your enemies from before you as the Lord
your enemies from before you as the Lord has spoken when your son asks you in
has spoken when your son asks you in
has spoken when your son asks you in time to come saying what is the meaning
time to come saying what is the meaning
time to come saying what is the meaning of the testimonies the statutes and the
of the testimonies the statutes and the
of the testimonies the statutes and the judgments which the Lord our God has
judgments which the Lord our God has
judgments which the Lord our God has commanded you then you shall say to your
commanded you then you shall say to your
commanded you then you shall say to your son
we were slaves of Pharaoh in Egypt and
we were slaves of Pharaoh in Egypt and the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a
the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a
the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand and the Lord showed signs
mighty hand and the Lord showed signs
mighty hand and the Lord showed signs and wonders before our eyes great and
and wonders before our eyes great and
and wonders before our eyes great and severe against Egypt Pharaoh and all his
severe against Egypt Pharaoh and all his
severe against Egypt Pharaoh and all his household then he brought us out from
household then he brought us out from
household then he brought us out from there that he might bring us in give us
there that he might bring us in give us
there that he might bring us in give us the land on which he swore to our
the land on which he swore to our
the land on which he swore to our fathers and the LORD commanded us to
fathers and the LORD commanded us to
fathers and the LORD commanded us to observe all these statutes to fear the
observe all these statutes to fear the
observe all these statutes to fear the Lord our God for our good always that he
Lord our God for our good always that he
Lord our God for our good always that he might preserve us alive as it is this
might preserve us alive as it is this
might preserve us alive as it is this day then it will be righteousness for us
day then it will be righteousness for us
day then it will be righteousness for us if we are careful to observe all these
if we are careful to observe all these
if we are careful to observe all these Commandments before the Lord our God as
Commandments before the Lord our God as
Commandments before the Lord our God as he has commanded us
he has commanded us
he has commanded us [Music]